now when Balaam saw that it pleased the
Lord to bless Israel he did not go as at
other times to seek to use sorcery but
he set his face toward the wilderness
and Balaam raised his eyes and saw
Israel encamped according to their
tribes and the Spirit of God came upon
him then he took up his article and said
the utterance of Balaam the son of Beor
the utterance of the man whose eyes are
opened the utterance of him who hears
the words of God who sees the vision of
the Almighty who falls down with eyes
wide open how lovely are your tents o
Jacob your dwellings o Israel like
valleys that stretch out like gardens by
the riverside like aloes planted by the
Lord like Cedars beside the waters he
shall pour water from his buckets and
his seed shall be in many waters his
king shall be higher than Agag and his
kingdom shall be exalted
God brings him out of Egypt he has
strength like a wild ox he shall
consumed the nation's his enemies he
shall break their bones and pierce them
with his arrows he bows down he lies
down as a lion and as a lion who shall
rouse him blessed is he who blesses you
and curse it is he who curses you and
Balak Stanga was aroused against Balaam
and he struck his hands together and
Balak said to Balaam I called you to
curse my enemies and look you have
bountifully blessed them these three
times now therefore flee to your place I
said I would greatly honor you but in
fact the Lord has kept you back from
honor
did I not also speak to your messengers
and you sent to me saying if Balak were
to give me his house full of silver and
gold I could not go beyond the word of
the Lord to do good or bad of my own
will what the Lord says that I must
speak and now indeed I am going to my
people
come I will advise you what these people
will do to your people in the latter
days so we took up his article and said
the utterance of Balaam the son of Beor
and the utterance of the man whose eyes
are opened the utterance of him who
hears the words of God and has the
knowledge of the Most High who sees the
vision of the Almighty who falls down
with eyes wide open I see him but not
now I behold him but not near a star
shall come out of Jacob a scepter shall
rise out of Israel and batter the brow
of Moab and destroy all the sons of
tumult and Edom shall be a possession
seer also his enemies shall be a
possession while Israel does valiantly
out of Jacob one shall have dominion and
destroy the remains of the city then he
looks on Amalek and he took up his
article and said Amalek was first among
the nation's but shall be last until he
perishes
then he looked on the Kenites and he
took up his article and said firm is
your dwelling place and your nest is set
in the rock nevertheless Cain shall be
burned
how long until Asher carries you away
captive alas who shall live when God
does this but ships shall come from the
coasts of Cyprus and they shall afflict
Asher and afflict Eber and soul shall
emilich until he perishes so Balaam rose
and departed and returned to his place
Balak also went his way